{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Here is the summary of the data:\
\
****************************************************************************************************************\
ID - stores the Spotify URI of the song. (Type - String)\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Name - the name of the song. (Type - String)\
\
Artist - The name(s) of the artist(s) of the song (Type - String)\
\
Danceability - Describes how suitable a track is for dancing based on a combination of various musical elements. Value between 0 and 1, 0 being repulsive and 1 being irresistible. (Type - Float)\
\
Energy - A measure from 0 to 1. Represents a perceptual measure of intensity and activity. Typical energetic tracks are fast, loud and noisy. (Type - Float)\
\
Key - The musical key the track is in. Integers map t pitches using standard Pitch Class notation. (Eg. 0  - C, 2 - D) (Type - Integer)\
\
Loudness - How loud a track is in decibels. Averaged across the entire track. (Type - Float)\
\
Mode - Represents the modality of the track. Binary values of 0 and 1. (Type - Integer)\
\
Speechiness - Detects the presence of spoken words, as per the density of spoken words. Always between 0 and 1. (Type - Float)\
\
Acousticeness - A confidence measure of how \'91acoustic\'92 the track is, with 1 representing absolute confidence and 0 representing no confidence. (Type - Float)\
\
Liveness - Detects the presence of audience in a recording, with values between 0 and 1. (Type - Float)\
\
Valence - meaner between 0 and 1 conveying the musical optimism of the track. (Type - Float)\
\
tempo - the tempo as measured in beats per minute. (Type - Float)\
\
duration_ms - The duration of the track in milliseconds. (Type - Integer)\
\
Time Signature - A notational convention to specific how many beats are present in each bar. (Type - Integer)\
\
****************************************************************************************************************\
}